including options to buy another 20 planes , in fact 26 billion .
719 shares have risen , 2281 and 79 were on the same level .
some birds , like others would like to get rid of them as quickly as possible . ravens for centuries were part of the urban landscape , but residents , complaining of the dirt and noise , in many areas is becoming more and more .
the first symposium on воронам , in the eastern city of лер фризии experts argued that грачей impossible out of cities .
hunt , the construction of a traditional and cutting trees for nesting made living birds .
in the town of зест in westphalia and the north - west йевере дипхольце , ахиме under бременом and лере big colonies , more than 600 parents .
critics have described catch birds in their traps and забивание sticks as particularly brutal .
сбивание nests of water or cutting trees often have undesirable consequences , " said environmental expert kaiser mandfred from lara , baden - wurttemberg .
распугивание only in the next to the hospitals and nursing homes and the schools .
from the surrounding parts of the problem in the cities would not be solved , " said mayor лера wolfgang кельнер .
" information stands instead of бензопил - was the slogan , by a psychologist and этнологом утой maria jurgens , which stands for a different approach to the birds . " we should be confident to live with this problem . "
wit and wits of the birds into legend . грачи often use tools to not only приглянувшимся piece , but also make weapons themselves .
in one experiment the birds quickly learned that we should knock the дощечке to bring striker моли .
in another experiment intelligent грачам had more difficult challenge .
all four birds use wired , used to make hooks and hooks to a bucket on the handle and pull him out of the cylinders .
croatia , portugal , and the czech republic and ireland , will take part in the european championships 2012 .
led by superstar cristiano ronaldo , who scored at 8 and 53 minutes , portugal beat bosnia and herzegovina with the score 6:2 ( 2-1 ) , perfect getting its fifth in the euro after 0:0 on the first stage .
croatia missed its chance , not playing 0:0 1-1 against turkey , but ireland easily managed accounts ( 1-0 ) against estonia .
former professional player from bundesliga вольфсбурга звездан мисимович and captain gurganj спахич reduced разницуна результативному by two points on the 41 - minute penalty and goal at the 65th for bosnia .
portugal had выбивала bosnia from the play - off of the 2010 world cup in south africa .
ronaldo took early start , the free kick in the roughly 30 meters .
bosnians who do not have opened an account in the first half , got their first opportunity for the attacker эдину джеко .
following the attack on the elder поштигу penalty the bosnians in the 36th minute штарк decided that the portuguese player feigned and showed him a yellow card .
after the vice - champions of europe in 2004 , to the four other голами .
european champions , 1976 , are at the european championships in the fifth time .
goalkeeper petr czech in the 9th minute through instant рефлексу potential автогол prevented томаша сивока .
дамьянович dealt a blow on the 40th minute from the penalty area and almost scored a czech .
the goal was just as in the final whistle .
four days after the fiasco 0:3 in istanbul , turkey could n't do better than drew 0:0 in zagreb .
turks almost the perfect start to the eyes of 31,000 fans at the stadium максимир .
croatia then woke up and more захватывала control of the game .
the bundesliga daniel пранич ( bavaria , munich ) and gordon шильденфельд айнтрахт , frankfurt was on the field , with mario манджукичем from wolfsburg , who succumbed to the place of ivan перишичу дортмунда on the 62 - minute .
the irish in dublin celebrated its first entry into the euro after germany in 1988 .
konstantin vasil'ev guests from the team bus on the 57th minute .
in the last moment the defender could not let him put ireland ahead .
round the goalkeeper paul лондака protection , and ward was in the right place , the ball through the line changed by 1:0 .
52 - year - old woman was seriously damaged on monday in berlin лихтенберг area as the tram .
tram херцбергаллее was forced to significantly slow down , when he suddenly stopped a car .
armed man robbed a pharmacy in berlin around фриденау on monday evening .
after the box with the money was given to the robber fled неопознанным and неустановленным amount of money .
he tried to avoid a collision with фургоном trailer that suddenly turned on the road with the petrol station .
police said in a statement on tuesday that she tried to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing on karl - liebknecht - strasse , александерштрассе .
woman was сбита and in critical condition were taken to hospital for treatment .
it stopped and the men fled on foot .
шведте in a pedestrian shot from the balcony of a gun .
it has been рваную wound and was taken to hospital .
a police spokesman said that a woman and suspected there is no connection .
the driver is a man seriously injured in potsdam - миттельмарк in a collision with the truck .
from a strike by car thrown on the opposite side of roads , where he encountered a truck .
woman was seriously damaged in an attempt to steal a bag in нидергерсдорфе district includes the fleming .
when the victim of the resistance , he struck her with the hand and mind .
elderly people repeatedly обкрадывали фюрстенвальде last week on the cemetery .
victims were mostly elderly women who ухаживавшие graves of relatives .
the theft of the few hundred euros in cash was this past friday .
boy in the age of 15 to 25 years left train carriage хоэншенхаузенер гренцграбене .
but they were quickly arrested the halt ландсбергер alley .
disabled man at a seriously injured шведте , crossed the road .
the car has a wheelchair , a man had on the road and head injuries .
seven - year - old child was shot down over a car and was injured веддинге
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with injuries and foot .
the police statement said he was taken to hospital with head injuries and could be interviewed .
a police spokesman said 34 - year - old man tried to fire .
police in a statement said that меллендорфштрассе car skidded , it stopped on the tram rails and on the rails .
was caused by the fire brigade , and she had to take seriously the 23 - year - old passenger from покореженного and get him into hospital .
police said in a statement that the home noticed the smoke at the apartment stairwell and caused the fire brigade .
two men were in the fighting in the fast - food restaurant in панкове on saturday night .
two 19 - year - old young man tried to help immediately , but they were beaten by four men .
eyewitness courageously came to help women adhere to the subway station гезундбруннен , and was beaten up .
started on the site in посольском block тиргартена on saturday .
from the fire was a smoke , which was seen with distance .
the central heat and electricity transmission line area were also affected by the fire .
police in a statement saturday said that a man about red in the martin - опиц strasse when approached three criminals and asked how much time .
police officers find поллучившего seriously injured man lying on the street and the ambulance .
police in a statement on saturday , said the 49 - year - old employee of the berlin transport service ( bvg ) was forced to stop зеештрассе веддинге after it suddenly attacked the 30 - year - old man .
police soon arrested a drunken man boys had picked up his grandfather .
the police said in a statement , said a house fire near midnight and saw two men dressed in dark that перелезали штеегерштрассе through the wall of the nearby cemetery .
police said in a statement friday that the labrador , seems to have jumped on the stove , to reach its food .
bell in the fourth finally able to get married his lover .
europe 's largest manufacturer of software , sap plans to invest billions and nearly double the number of employees in china the next few years .
" we will create more opportunities for research and development take on the thousands of people , " said in a statement , bill макдермотт , one of the sap executive board of directors , consumer exhibition in beijing .
world market leader in software industry plans to double number of its offices from five to 10 or 11 .
in this country is experiencing an economic boom , some 4,000 sap of the more than 176 million customers worldwide .
sap plans to increase sales by 2015 from $ 20 billion euros .
business software , a 55,000 employees around the world , better than ever .
" we want to change the scope of our operations " , " макдермотт .
the board , read more : carefully cut the page and then use it as a bookmark .
book he wrote his now - unusual , he describes it neatly , as a " work - history . "
it was not a book about that , " he explains , " but " a book about what it was . " this is about feelings , impressions , experiences and spirit . "
their мерцают here , as church candles : new added to many others , and some in the meantime , dampened .
this amendment to the notion that the first world war was only the largest standing on the western front .
the soldiers in this book down пчелиные beehives ; one of them met christmas in egypt the pyramids ; нерешаемая issue is the tsetse fly .
war is a life , these people , as a natural disaster like hurricane katrina , smelling бездымным region .
" lack of facts , " says mr. englund , the scenic assumptions , conjecture , hopes , fears , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares , and speculation . "
their stories are mainly from the memoirs , letters and other published materials .
many of them are the privations and how to deal with them .
" заменителькофе forged aluminum , ненастоящая rubber , paper , bandages , wooden .
he describes " meat of stabilized rice , brewed in бараньем fat ( and украшенного fake , made of wood ) ; tobacco , made from dried roots and сушеной potato has been scrubbed ; shoes подбитую tree . "
british soldiers , says that he is likely to die and nobody has ever seen and not огорчится .
but it was on the contrary , it looks like " , the man is secretly .
" conflict was becoming increasingly economic competition , " writes , " mr englund of war . "
people are in unexpected ways : low of as much of heroism .
" the grotesque expression that you can see in the trade гонорейным гноем , in which soldiers bought размазывали on genital and hope to get into the hospital , " he wrote .
translated from the swedish by peter грейвзом prose , mr. энглунда flexible but understated , suitable for his humanitarian challenges .
the book to mr энглунда is in the unconventional pantheon .
night monday on tuesday were selected because zuccotti park during this time would be less likely .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was at the center of the events , his presence подчеркивало how much value to the police department .
so after two weeks , planning and training the police the release of protesters from zuccotti park .
the major crisis the exercises were conducted on рэнделс with zuccotti .
the training took place in the evening on monday for манхэттенской the east river .
" the more cops , which i know , and which caused this case , said that to zuccotti park , " said the man who spoke on condition of anonymity .
one of the reasons why the secrecy was lesson learned .
in the operation on tuesday attended by members of the various police units , including forces from the team of police officers , who usually used for criminal окрестными control district .
" right there to do it when the park is less likely people , " he said .
floodlights and pre - recorded announcements , несущиеся from speakers , it seems , many protesters устрашили .
police said that tents do n't have to be touched until 1:45 a.m. , the time to collect things .
but many argue that they did not see how the police , and the police treated rudely .
when police went to the west through a pile of personal belongings antifiltration protesters , including bags , plastic mats and bags full of clothes , the health department team was followed by collecting what was , .
the core group of protesters took positions around the kitchen camps , the park .
around 10 in the midst of camp themselves together for the hand .
the mop - up was completed in about 75 minutes , police said .
most of them were arrested for disorderly behavior and resistance in detention , he said .
т. " пуласки , chairman of the detective police department , was there .
the second group was waiting for police officers along the east broadway , between liberty street and сидар street , on the case should be inside .
observers have seen how these positions with the police was the even beyond the boundaries of zuccotti park .
around 5 a.m. south of the pine street , one of the protesters jumped on the roof of police cars , and others , according to eyewitnesses , in the air from the police van tyres .
as a result of a policeman , one of the demonstrators were hospitalized .
school employees union , representing hundreds of staff , who lost their seats in last month , plans to sue the city on wednesday , arguing that the dismissals were not needed and were discriminatory because of the disproportionate impact on the school , where poor students .
six hundred and seventy - two high school assistant coordinator , working with parents and other employees who were among the most low - wage workers in the city , lost its place on october 7 as a result of that union leaders called the political response to their refusal to give city workers ' access to health care funds , the groups , to close a hole in the budget last spring .
told the council last month , the schools chancellor dennis m. уолкотт said that layoffs were part of the budget , which they signed in june .
representatives of the district council 37 , said that they have the claims , department of education , that brought a lawsuit against him ; on wednesday will be held a press conference to announce a formal filing suit in state supreme court in manhattan .
elizabeth thomas , a spokesperson for the city law department , said that the city have not seen the lawsuit and therefore could not comment on specific provisions .
he points out that , while статен island layoffs was not , and schools in upper east side or трибеки were little , 17 school support workers have lost their seats in the district 23 in браунсвилле , brooklyn , and 46 in the south bronx , was forced to resign in the districts 8 and 9 .
p.s. 36th 3,26 per cent was the budget this year , and she also lost money , when the city has changed the way the additional funding for every poor student , who is enrolled in school .
in the used the word " excess " , while the " excessive " more often , when a teacher of the payroll school moves in the list of available workers , which pays wages central office .
all that it is to the rebellion failed , a longtime dictator muammar qaddafi was captured and killed , and the american intervention .
" what this resolution is to give honours отважному people of libya , once they begin to rebuild his country , " said kerry .
language may seem harmless , but no discussions on libya was not easy .
kerry and mccain introduced resolution in june , which limited the use of u.s. forces in libya .
but the same day when the bill failed in the house of representatives , the house is also supported the proposal that would cut funding for u.s. operations in libya .
resolution " the people of libya 's foreign affairs committee for his incredible courage and formidable resistance in the quest for freedom " and thanks for men and women of the united states armed forces and their coalition partners , who participated in the military operation to protect the libyan people for their unusual courage and professionalism . "
will new measures supported the council on foreign affairs or расколют lawmakers as the june bill ?
люгера official said on monday that he did n't see the latest version of the bill .
this measure , proposed a member of the u.s. house of representatives , republican bob гудлатом ( virginia ) , will be the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any other , that will be on the plenary vote of congress .
amendment гудлата is just one of 68 amendments affecting a wide range of issues that have been in this meeting .
there is at least 15 versions of a balanced budget amendments only in the house of representatives and how much is about controlling federal spending .
the budget control act that was in august , demanded that the house of representatives and senate voted for a balanced budget amendment .
in addition to the budget , some congressmen want to limit the number of terms of members of congress , jose serrano , a democrat and member of the house of representatives , new york ) wants to abolish the limit of two terms for president .
amendment banning same - sex marriages are for many years , and another , banning flag burning .
as to members of congress to offer amendments , and they are not much more than in recent years .
this rate pales in comparison to the 1990s , when members of congress , according to the senate , offered more than 150 regularly changes every two years .
the amendment , which was adopted , " the 27 - i - was approved in 1992 , but in the congress , she was actually in 1789 .
after ten months after an armed man shot in her emphasis on public event in tucson , a member of the democratic party , representative gabrielle giffords ( ariz. ) on monday evening , appeared on federal channel подпела melody from бродвейского show " the sun tomorrow will " and said that she wants to get better , more than to return to congress .
program showed its bumpy recovery from the trauma of a bullet that раздробила skull and пробила left brain , from front to rear their heads .
in his first television interview after the january shooting , in which six were killed and 13 wounded , giffords smiled , laughed and sang " and described his recovery " difficult " .
interviews with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of the " 20/20 " special edition , which was on the eve of the new book " гэбби spouses : the story of courage and hope . "
in the video , kelly , the first few weeks , it is a hospital bed with a shaved head and a long scar on his forehead .
a few months later , we see how giffords in a chair , and physiotherapists teach her how to perform simple activities .
a few days later , giffords said the word " lunch toast , " request to change the menu .
in an interview with sawyer , giffords , who for two hours a day spent on the procedures , said that he did not remember day attack .
suspected attacker джерд is лафнер in missouri and subject to forced treatment in prison awaiting trial .
" i said ' гэбби , the " , " kelly said .
and come back and you 'll pass through it , you выздоровеешь than ever .
the event was the wall street , which has millions of dollars to homeless veterans in the new york city .
the cue of several hundred soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines lining up to it .
" the military saw as the heroes , " said david зальцман , which organized the spring collection .
" treated like orphans , " wrote his first officer in an email .
totally different experience illustrate the difficult relationship that developed between the army and often indifferent , sometimes in the american public .
" we are not the victims , " said brigadier general sean b. mcfarland , who commanded troops in iraq and left in afghanistan .
this sensitive issue for commanders who do not want to seem ungrateful or несогласными , to which they serve .
as a result , most talk of a pity the quiet and among combat veterans .
some will look to them with , because they are the rebels and used in exotic places .
while looking for work , he says , he felt that some interviewers gently asked if he can stand the strain responsible for work in washington after the military campaign .
awkwardness , are military , in part from the american indifference to the wars .
" we as a nation , no longer value military heroism , as it was quite usual in world war ii , " says david бэрноу retired lieutenant general who commanded us forces in afghanistan .
troops are on the number of trips that they have , the number of associates , which they lost , or in the losses .
this week on the historic court hearings should be decided , will claim 28 men and women against army on charges of rape непротиводействии .
average first class elizabeth lyman 25 years and the week of pregnancy , she argued , was raped her сослуживцем at night .
he asked if he can go to her room drinks .
a few minutes after they entered a room lyman , a man approached her from behind , and raped , she said .
the lawsuit alleges that gates and rumsfeld were unable to cope with widespread violence army soldier in violation of constitutional rights .
burke said that it books on the higher echelons of the army , because the problem is with them .
" those people who can destroy cult violence " higher " .
its strategy : instead of collecting all the plaintiffs in this case , put all your eggs in one basket , so to speak , " she will bring many things , if necessary , to maintain the pressure .
court documents , which had newsweek , the strategy is basically a protection that current or former soldiers ca n't claims for damages incurred by the army in the armed forces .
" the damage to risk присущему military service of the plaintiffs , " the documents said .
in both iraq and afghanistan command women soldiers are an increasingly important role , particularly in contacts with local women in combat zone .
at yale law school seminar veterans legal services is the case against four major military academies on promoting женоненавистнической atmosphere .
her group filed a lawsuit in december against the veterans administration , accusing him of discriminatory practice pending requests for transfers from people who argue that the threat of violence during the service .
in 2010 , according to the prevention and combating sexual violence of turnover , was on 3.158 attempting to rape .
in this report , released in march , as well as the percentage of trials : in 2010 , 20 percent of cases reached court , in less than half of that in the civil justice system .
in case the лайман rape , she said the military police less than an hour after it happened .
she gathered with evidence of rape , and blood assailant cut the hand was found on the bed .
six people have a positive the accused , was ultimately acquitted .
" i thought that i have a " crying " i ran out of the courtroom .
lyman eventually ordered them to turn to the military psychiatrist who diagnosed her personality that made it to change .
продвинется it forward , by the lyman and her comrades on the claim , is a difficult question , " says john turley , law professor at george washington university law school .
between them the verdict is the doctrine that has been criticized since it appeared .
army lagged in the decades , because it does not have the incentives and to funds , which is the responsibility .
these things will change only when good people will want to .
" we continue to fight the army for that matter , as will not reform , " she said .
on monday , breivik , suspected of committing mass murder in norway in july , which has killed 77 people , was on his first public court hearing .
after the summer of researchers want to find out more about the people .
of personal data facebook is so great , " says bartlett , the researchers could easily use the site 's advertising tool , to the demographic group with scientific precision - that marketers and several years .
with facebook bartlett and his colleagues were able to interview more than 10,000 members of the far right parties in the 11 european countries - not even leaving your office .
some results are not so striking : online supporters of right - wing groups of mostly young and male , with immigration .
the demos - just one example of how facebook has become the new popular instrument in the hands of scientists .
with more than 800 million active users , add an average of three records in the day , " super - hot information " facebook is booming , increasing the number of scientific research articles with the name of the site in 800 % over the past five years .
" previously , if you want to interview of the british national party , would be difficult to identify them . "
" facebook does n't have all - you to him directly . "
recent research by dr. megan moreno from the university of wisconsin , madison , and her colleagues found that students who have their drunken exploits on facebook , were much more at risk of alcoholism than students who were silent about it .
" you ca n't solve the problem , not выявив it , " said washington post димитри христакис moreno , co - author and director of child health , behavior and development , and the seattle children 's research institute .
facebook also benefits of information about its users .
but facebook users know that the site is watching them , like it or not - for the opportunity to play in скраббл , to thousands of miles away from you , the site can handle your personal data .
while researchers have a certain rules to offline , research , online data .
" how they thought it was only between themselves and their friends . '
even when offline there are no guarantee that a very honest .
" what you are on facebook , and the fact that you are outside of facebook , the two different things , " said selwin .
" nothing could replace the real world and communicate with people , " he says .
cold and inhuman " , anders беринг breivik first publicly tried
" i 'm the commander of the norwegian resistance movement and the knights templar norway " , " he said the 500 - present in court .
for the same reason , he refused to allow брейвику that brought with them in advance by it , to relatives of the victims at the end of the hearing .
only about 30 survivors and relatives attended the hearing .
" it was uncomfortable but personally , i was a little easier , once i saw and heard of . "
despite breivik 's strange idea that he is part of the " resistance " movement , a judge ruled that he is not mad , and said there is no proof that he acted with accomplices .
but that does not lessen the grief and confusion , that now is the whole nation .
after the death of steve jobs on october 5 , describing some compared it to henry ford technical genius as the great inventor .
he was , of course , a designer , мечтателем and considered themselves hippies , but he was also meticulous organizer and modernizer production process , which believed that many business leaders have suffered from the disease to think that really great idea is 90 percent of work ... [ but ] a great idea from the great product separates lots of ingenious work . "
at the time it took about 10 years since , as jobs from apple , and he already was in his new computer company next waiting for the mass of the internet .
only after the death of jobs is a vhs copy - was found in the garage .
for a man , known for his hatred of detailed interviews jobs seems to be here quite ready to present their technological philosophy and strategy .
in four different points during an interview there are large intervals between questions and answers " on 10-15 seconds , where jobs is weighing their thoughts to say .
in filmed before the age of пиксара айподов and айфонов lost interview there is something uncannily prophetic when jobs estimates that , as he sees , different companies are right and wrong , and offers its own vision for information technology .
he has a vision of how things could and should be .
" during the period of time in the business i constantly asked : " why are you doing this ? " and the answers you invariably get : " oh , it is just that . "
by way of recording costs , often начинавшейся spending with the " standard , " which took from the ceiling and then подгонялись with " clarification " , he created automated framework , which guaranteed that they will be able to track business expenses until the details .
jobs in detail about " blue box " , which he смастерил with steve wozniak , a device that allowed people to effectively взламывать long - distance telephone company and call for free .
he says , as he and wozniak tested the box , using the phone - machine , and conversation and then подсоединяясь from at&t 's network to another , not yet been as much as possible .
" we were young , and all that we have learned is that we can build something that could control the billions of dollars of infrastructure in the world . "
jobs continued to describe in detail a famous escapade , which he and wozniak almost fulfilled by calling the vatican through blue box at midnight and asking to call the pope , struggling to copy the henry kissinger .
about love the technology and a cold прозванивании bill хьюлетта )
shortly after 20 - minute phone call jobs got old подработку hewlett - пакард .
hp jobs later became one of the staff , the company 's research laboratory in palo alto , where he saw " the first desktop computer . "
i went to hp a teenager and often revolved around the car and wrote to her .
in several places with mr. jobs said the invention of new products on the fly .
while only 30 days of the credit , he should have to think and assembly and delivery of devices .
" i remember the fierce debate ... they were on me that it will take five years [ to collect the mouse , which will cost $ 300 , and i was fed by the throat , and went , and found the designer . "
" suppose you are in ibm or xerox , so you better copier and printer , or that ? "
sales and marketing make it more successful , so [ those types of people ] who finally comes to companies and individuals , making the product of the decision - makers .
it could be ten times , might be майкрософтом early .
you need to keep in mind 5,000 ideas is these concepts , them together .
part of what made the famous mac , was that people who worked on him , were musicians , poets , artists , зоологами historians , who had become the world 's best specialists in information technology .
scalia and thomas lunch with the opponents of health - care law , the court considers the case
incident happened last thursday , all nine justices met to discuss the petitions for review .
judges agreed to review the process ; in fact , rotary debate of the 5 1/2 hours in march 2012 , but the outcome will likely become a hindrance in the presidential race , which will be in full swing at the time , when a court decision .
firm clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the nearly two dozen firms that helped sponsor an annual dinner of federalists , long the group , always conservative legal principles .
yet another sponsor of the pharmaceutical giant pflizer inc. , which has a financial interest in the end of litigation .
present , among others , senate republican leader mitch mcconnell , and well - known opponent of the health law .
nothing new : two justices attend the event of federalists over many years .
in fact , the judges are free for a code of conduct that the actions of the low federal judges .
nevertheless , the apparent closeness scalia and thomas to two law firms in this case , as the company with big financial interests , were enough signal to activists ethics in government .
" judges wined and dined on campaign fundraising with lawyers , which are now in court . "
scalia and thomas is unlikely to pay attention to critics who say that they are very willing to mix business with the court фигурирующими in groups like the society .
moreover , conservatives argue that this is about justice elena kagan is an ethical question , scalia and thomas .
its critics demanded that kagan refused a hearing on this case , because it was too involved in the protection of the law then to be impartial .
boeing also sells five boeing dreamliner oman air , the deal is more than $ 1 billion .
but this is an important event , when the company - прейскурантная самолетостроитель boeing co. , and all of these 50 aircraft at $ 18 billion price .
the forecast , published on monday , the chicago company calculates that the middle east over the next 20 years will need 2,520 planes worth $ 450 billion .
later on monday , according to boeing , oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , so - called dreamliner , which have significantly better fuel economy , удобстами for passengers .
" it 's really good for boeing , " said morningstar analyst neil диора .
it is important , because they are less likely than other carriers , the reverse order planes when prices rise , диора said .
an emirates strengthens широкофлюзеляжных market leadership boeing aircraft and helps prevent rival airbus sas mediation attempts on his dominance with their jumbo a350 .
he has debut , to осевую strain after buyers sought to increase capacity and range .
sister of mexico 's president , obviously lost in michoacan
president felipe calderon 's sister , it seems , has completed its application for the governor of michoacan state elections during the fierce , and she said on monday that the drug helped sway the race in favor of one of its opponents .
" interference by organized crime during the entire election process , and especially yesterday is alarming , not only for michoacan , but for the whole country , " said luisa maria calderon радиоинтервью the day after the sunday vote .
pri ruled mexico for seven decades until losing presidency in 2000 .
calderon , the national action party candidate , or mhp , headed by her brother , refused to accept вальехо winner .
ауреолес and refused to accept the preliminary results .
in michoacan has long dominated the drug cartels , in the marijuana , heroin , метамфетаминах .
for the pri , however , no matter how badly looked the michoacan elections , victory will give momentum behind .
раджат naga , the managing director of the adb 's office in manila , said that the two most big emerging economies must " do all we can " to accelerate the recovery of the currency bloc with the international monetary fund or direct bilateral agreements .
" asians may be protected to some extent , but it might not be immune . "
european monetary union was the european debt crisis in the final months .
unfolding in europe 's debt crisis has spawned fears that he can lead the global economy into recession again , and led to calls for major developing economies together to help the eurozone find a solution .
anand sharma , india 's trade minister , said that " india will do everything that will be able to help the eurozone as its own economy is now declining exports and foreign capital inflows .
" we are ambitious goals , and we maintain high growth . "
others argue that emerging economies such as india , there is no sense to bail out rich europeans , when they face their own deep economic problems .
" at some point , they know that greeks are retiring in 50 years go on holidays to the sea , and it will not be received well , " he said .
mr нэг said that the eurozone crisis is " significant direct consequences of " across asia .
he said that the vulnerable emerging markets need a " contingency plans " , to protect themselves from the recession and massive оттоков capital of their economies .
defense secretary leon panetta tempers in congress , warning that the automatic budget cuts will undermine national security and will bring financial chain reaction of the pentagon to the fields of battle in afghanistan on the line and to civil assembly .
" the effects of these cuts would be devastating to , " panetta said in a letter to senators республиканцу республиканке and john mccain , arizona , lindsey graham of south carolina .
" so , make a cut , the majority of our construction projects on кораблестроению and unfulfilled -- you ca n't buy a three - quarters of the ship or the building -- and do serious damage other modernization efforts , " panetta wrote senators .
" these changes will undermine the credibility of those who support our armed forces and will seriously damage alert . "
" even though military funding overseas contingency operations not directly affected секвестром , the military to be severely affected by a serious breakdown in the budgets , " warned panetta .
" staff will be reduced , leading to опозданиям staffer with military suppliers , legal and political support will be broken . "
" the consequences of sequestration in the department of defense will be a rapid decline in the united states as the world 's leading military power . "
" this is not an option , which we live , and this is not an option , which we have to impose himself . "
whether panetta letter or the recent warnings of senators will lead to budget compromise or strengthen calls for the pentagon from cuts , will later .
at a press conference last week , secretary of defense painted a gloomy picture of what may be more troops -- with shell , but without the core .
" this paper tiger , the army to barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained soldiers able to accomplish the mission , " mr. panetta said in his introductory comments at the pentagon .
and panetta said that some of the big defence projects may face obstacles , including those who have already been tested , and some in the early stages of planning .
to further develop and test f 35 can save $ 80 billion over 10 years , but his supporters say that this is a vital next step to improve and to counter potential threats , china and other opponents .
a cursory glance at recent headlines showing how serious and повсеместны lies and deception in their daily lives .
administration at the university of pennsylvania was charged with лжесвидетельствовании schlensker , they allegedly made that retired football coach raped young boys .
former presidential candidate john edwards was charged with financial during the campaign укрывательством , extramarital affairs .
history of fraud on the tests at school and college - standard .
coaches , to teach the opposite , they send a message that lies and fraud are .
in a single day , according to research , and you can lie 10 to 200 times .
another study found that total strangers солгали three in the first 10 minutes of each other .
in contrast to the room of the game , like , say , charades , where you exclaim " caught ! " , lies is a serious of knowledge , based on scientific data , collected over the past six decades in the prestigious universities , comprehensive research projects , particularly in psychology and physiology .
not worth the hard to notice and it 's hard to draw the conclusion that the liars .
i spent a few years , the scientific discoveries in the vast and ever - growing segment of knowledge about lie detection , and it is clear that modern skill , which is easy to learn and help in our complex in the world -- especially if your professional duties include recruiting , interviewing , negotiating or management .
we know from research that extroverts lied more frequently than introverts , that men are more about yourself , whereas women -- the other , usually to protect someone 's feelings that married people lied to its partners , less than unmarried ( but the lie , that they say , often наглая ) .
observe позой , laughing , voice of your target .
rats can secure the top of his body when trying to remember their history , they can put their feet towards the door , bend towards the exit , or change its position in a certain way to demonstrate " relief after the interview " -- this exaggerated sigh of relief and a change in posture , when all the complicated issues behind us .
привирающие people can also use the disengagement in the speech : " i have n't had sexual relations with that woman miss lewinsky " ... or repeat a complicated question .
someone can use the language " , when answering a question : " well ... the truth ... i know . . . as far as i know . "
there is no magic means to identify , but the skill can detect deception .
controversial oil pipeline plan needs to review after the threat of us to his approval
transcanada said monday night that she had ever planned oil pipeline from environmentally sensitive sand hills region of nebraska and am confident that the project still get approval .
transcanada spokesman alex пурбас says that the company retains the confidence that she eventually will get the approval of the pipeline , with a different route .
" this is a step ahead , " said fox news representative lee terry , a republican from nebraska .
obama in a written statement last week said the decision to state department , expressed his support .
he needs to 700,000 barrels a day of the province of alberta to refineries in texas .
his hated environmentalists , but like labor unions , that about 20,000 jobs related to the pipeline .
the current state department about the impact on the environment study showed that the project will provide only limited negative impact on the environment , but the source of the department of energy industry said that the auditor ordered a separate examination procedures by focusing on two issues .
the other was the company , which was the choice for initial research , inappropriate , as it was linked with transcanada .
family of new york that disco - diva patti labelle , буйствовать began in the lobby of their homes in manhattan , trapped them малолетнюю daughter to such an extent that the vomited from fear .
it happened november 10 last year , when the scene , kevin monk , his wife , kindergarten teacher , rosanna and женевьева going to go to a family trip .
розанна monk said that she stood near the door and спустила daughter on the floor for a moment .
" i told her : " i do n't care what you say , or do you think ' . "
she had a bottle of water and it began the water bottles for me .
" i 'm this woman said : " look at what you 're done with my daughter , " said the child 's mother .
a lawyer and labelle , did n't answer the call for comment .
" the aim is to patti labelle in charge of their move , " said davies .
2011 the year , which will go down in economic history of sinaloa as connected with mario lopez вальдеса 's first year , also called year of change , which has big hopes for economic development , but given the adverse climatic conditions in the beginning of the year , growth was not , however , there were major indicators of economic development .
according to the areas affected by frost , the council on mexico 's sustainable rural development , suffered 835.582 hectares , of which 78.03 percent suffered as a whole and the remaining 21.07 per cent suffered in part . the damaged crops were vegetables , corn and chickpeas .
" what we see now is rising unemployment , which is linked to several factors , including the loss of liquidity on the market to resource constraints , the law , which was passed in congress , to fight money laundering , as people who illegally possess dollars , it is difficult to work with them , invest and use them in something , " he said .
lopez fought said that the rising unemployment are also demographic factors .
in addition to unemployment and violations of , another reminder of the state is low ; chunk in the low wages in the country , according to records of the mexican institute of social security and the ministry of labour and social welfare .
for his part , министрество economic development of the government only 17.280.000 peso investments during the year , which mostly came on the company 's services .
amid the economic downturn in july , the state asked government during the congress of the approval of the credit of $ 3 billion pesos , which would use for investment in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities to revive the economy , at the local level had been approved by the 2.600 million pesos , and not expected until november of the debt in any state sector .
for the businesses in the first year of the government of mario lopez вальдеса demonstrates the lack of opportunity .
" the economic performance this year in sinaloa was really low , has a lot of work to regain ground lost in this year , we must redouble our efforts in 2012 , we could n't agree on the efforts of all , and above all , good and a synchronized work the new government , we hope that next year will be much better , " he said .
lopez лоредо early freeze , said that events such as this year stopped the state economy and its effectiveness and were limited .
" in general , we discovered that it worked , we believe we need to develop long - term program that redefine the direction and economic course , should mobilize all material and human resources , which are from sinaloa , " he said .
coparmex president stressed the importance of determining the future directions to guide the government 's efforts .
he said the current administration has shown progress in her own way of public policy .
the prosecutor general 's office reported that the sentence наркоторговец omar alexis valenzuela сандоваль , convicted for crimes against health care , in this case , possession of marijuana with a view to distribution .
drug smuggler was driving a white car pickup , in which he was carrying a black bag in the box in the car , and the passenger seat , a backpack , where soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana .
director of social development pointed out that while still working program development , they are in danger , as the state government is unable to make relevant contributions that amount , the 11 million pesos for all three programs .
" they should invest almost 12 million , although the year ends , when they gave us a penny , from the beginning of july they had to give us some , " he said , " not to delay , we started to work and they are very moved , but we need money . "
" it 's happened with us in the previous administration , because the state had no financial opportunities for participation , and the continued to grow , and this year , to get access to these programs , we need to find resources to cover what remains must , , " he explained .
" they must make about 12 million , and even though year end , they gave us a penny . "
replacing analog signals in digital is one of the most important change , the world in recent years .
a minority of the four ministers , including the chairman of the court , juan сильву mesa , thought that president felipe calderon not exceeded its authority by decree with detailed descriptions of action for the transition to digital television ground .
olga sanchez кордеро draft statement prepared by the minister , offered to decree unconstitutional because regulating radio and television programs , right , enshrined in law for federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the hierarchical subordination and legal reserves .
on this argument and the senate and chamber of deputies conducted two constitutional debate , to decree and to support the complaints , sanchez кордеро suspended the application of the decree and all actions , the it about the transition to digital broadcasting .
in a speech the prime minister said that he disagreed with arguments in the sense that the federal executive branch could not determine the general rules measures , which should prepare for public administration .
replacement of analogue signals to digital is one of the most important changes that occurred in recent years has led to better use of radio - electric range , better signal quality and more channels .
these questions , he said , " require the entire system , educated on the principle of economic governance , includes the group , which includes the state constitution executive power . "
from this you ca n't conclude that the government , discussed decree , which in any case the competence of congress , provides the administrative and compliance with laws , the legislative assembly , he said .
according to the ппрв , is the difference between first and second place in the gubernatorial election is only 27 percent , even without counting the votes of 879 total at 6.074 protocols .
in light of the chairman of the general council of the institute of michoacan ( the elections ) , maria de los анхелес льяндерал zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , on november 9 , the electoral body approved the package , to local rules with the federal election reform .
in the same day , november 9 , the supreme court justice ( the ) decision on constitutional claims , by the local legislative assembly , and described as " invalid and illegal " voice of the representative of the constitutional reform , as he has no right to " authorize or support them . "
the partial recount of one or more of the ballot box can be produced under conditions that : the protocols do not coincide ; there is no protocol voting and counting documents in the ballot box or he is not the chairman ; or when there are obvious errors or corrections in the protocol .
total recount also will be , if at the end of the usual count found that the difference between winner and a candidate , occupied the second , less than or equal to one percentage , provided that there is a request from the political party , whose candidate , took second place in the case will be excluded from ballot box , who were partial terms .
the remains of drivers felipe басио cortez arrived at сальтильо , his hometown on sunday evening , examination and a memorial mass was held on monday .
after condolences , together with other people who died in the disaster , the family басио cortez коауилы aboard the aircraft returned to the capital of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony in campo in march .
5:30 in the afternoon he examination institute of technology сантильо , organized by his former classmates in high school football team , and was a member of felipe басио during training in high school .
in her opinion , lieutenant colonel on all your dreams , she believes that he was at the height of his life , " he was a successful man , an incredible father , son and loving brother , loyal to his family . "
some did not believe it , they said that he was giddy , even in the truck , but he always wanted to fulfill his dream to become a pilot .
he recalls that even when he was seven years , he traveled to сапопан on for the ceremony his family , so he knows that his uncle died doing what most loved in life , controlling the plane .
shots of the guns прогремели in honor of the mexican air force lieutenant colonel , felipe cortez басио , led by governor jorge торресом лопесом , people from villages and the state government , the mexican army , from sixth military zones , the mexican air force , and technology high school students in сальтильо , in which he studied in 1985 and made progress in the study , in sport , and held him in the latter path .
at 18:05 of басио cortez ( кремированные ) , a resident сальтильо , profits , to be with the funeral , led by members of the mexican air force major james martinez , эспланаду training school , where it waited for his family , including his daughter аманду and his wife , christina , her mother , brothers , and other relatives , students and teachers .
a few hours before the discovery of the military authorities showed 11 people were detained in the media in the same municipality for crimes related to the organized crime .
discovery was found on the 1.5 km highway кадерейта at santiago , the hill in the commune , known as el castillo .
looking inside , just three metres , they found the bodies of three people , they immediately know the relevant authorities .
about one feet , was another person 's body , in a red and blue jeans .
according to the collected evidence , three people were killed elsewhere , as the site was not гильз .
according to information , on november 11 in los angeles альверо originally detained eight people , and one man , who was held hostage , was saved .
another event happened on november 12 at 06:00 , military personnel made patrol bypass in the village of old кадерейте ranch , when he saw the car without license plates with the two men in the cabin .
later , after these statements , november 13 at 2 p.m. one of their accomplices la however , that was stopped on public land , saw the military tried to escape .
appointed italian prime minister mario monti , italy will meet wednesday with president , to a new government , which will face italy on the brink of economic crisis , the catastrophe and нанесшим damage to the eurozone .
that he is expected to release cabinet made up mostly of technocrats , although it is unclear when the new authorities will take their positions .
" i just want to reaffirm its full confidence in our country 's ability to get out of this difficult period , " said the former european commissioner , told reporters .
administration headed by former european commissioner monti should approve the austerity package demanded by european leaders to regain confidence in italy .
emma марчегалия , leader of the italian employers ' federation , told reporters after meeting with monti : " we are told , we will actively support the government . "
monti 's chances of success have been based largely on party support ldp prime minister silvio berlusconi , who was forced to resign saturday from the crisis .
support for the ldp , the largest party in italy , it is important , because until now , many of its members opposed government majority , of monti 's technocrats , which forms .
monti 's new government should have a strong parliamentary support for reform , which will probably be unpopular austerity reforms .
an italian association of banks increased the pressure , warning that failure monti can be a disaster .
after a brief respite in the last week , when it became clear that berlusconi would resign , the cost of debt in italy reached the level against the backdrop of uncertainty about whether a new prime minister will be a success .
monti said his government would survive until the next election , scheduled for 2013 , despite widespread predictions that the politicians only give him time to reform before new elections .
political sources reported that mutual distrust and opposition parties to make to political figures .
from the 22 players registered in spain , 10 have played in 50 international matches .
the contrast with the costa rica , when compared to 22 players from both countries in the mighty match today in a 3:05 of the day on the national stadium in san jose .
this figure was reached last friday in a game against panama ( 0-2 ) , stadium rommel fernandez .
add it to spanish experience furies in a qualification in euro or world championships .
we see that tops the list in the spanish national team goalkeeper iker casillas касильяс , which in the last sunday 's match against england ( проигранный 0-1 ) repeated record in london , the former goalkeeper andoni субисарреты , 126 international matches .
from costa rica , alongside michael уманой left хуниор diaz of 48 matches and striker bryan ruiz , 45 .
in the team with less than 30 exits on the field is roy miller , 26 , from 26 matches , winston parks with gabrielle бадилья with roy мюри 23 and 25 .
whereas начо мореаля only four games , but хорди alba - two in costa rica has only one , victor bolivar олман vargas and nelson эддер дебютировали yet .
for costa rican bryan ruiz has been those who earned more points in more than doubled carlos hernandez and three more times than roy мюри and parks .
the trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream '
waiting more than 20 years , but the group says that for them is the dream became reality , " to play in this country .
group is on the territory of south america in the tour in honor of the 20th and on sunday , 20 , makes his sole stop in central america .
this passage from the full transcript of that is available online in the nation " .
a trip to costa rica - сбывшаяся dream for us .
i was in costa rica once - in , it 's beautiful country , and i think that we can stay there for days .
i ask about that , because there are some loyalty to the group of fans live in tension in the days before the show .
thank you for what , that were all these years .
some people , waiting for your music , treated him as to the show .
some of the biggest show that we were playing for the past 21 years , were in the past two weeks .
actually , we want to do here .
as you can know about the costa rica and waves for surfing .
my friends always to go surfing in costa rica and nicaragua , as well as mexico , it is a perfect place for surfing , that 's how we learned about it from people who enjoy surfing .
we 'll try to make the best show possible with different songs ; we 'll play some songs from each album and to our fans a wide range of repertoire .
when we have two or three songs that we have n't played for a while , it keeps us alert and surprise us because it reminds us of the reasons why we love these songs and that we can forget .
we are happy to удачам and we are very excited that we can to continue making music together .
we are happy to locations in the world , we have always wanted to go .
what it means to be part of the heyday of grunge . "
we are good friends with boys from soundgarden , alice in chains and mudhoney .
one group of one city appears from time to time , but more oddly , when the five or ten groups appearing at the same time in the same city .
i still have to some of them from the time .
as well as a very strange that a group of like your remain together and in the same as a long time .
first , i think we were lucky that we 're still alive , and secondly , we care about .
we trust each other 's music , and could not be better .
we care about , not to be too long on the tour , because it is easy to get the game in big crowds of people who enjoy your music .
how do you remember to another project to manother love bone .
we were a nearly three years and have no one album , until death , andy ( andrew woods ) .
this was a man , and we 're скучаем .
it is true that you 're familiar with its work , particularly eddie веддера , so you have to open ?
why do you keep changing the words to yellow ledbetter to concerts ?
he sings it , and i think it is the first that comes into his head .
so many of them , i can talk all day long the басистах , which i like .
i think , we all feel a оторванность from гранж .
at your music was more grim , and now she was a positive .
it 's interesting , as i think , in a few songs , which may seem easier , but there are songs such as the end or just breathe , which are considered to be very grim , though they may sound a bit positive .
i think that when you grow , and in your life has been some sort of injury and you lost family member or friend , these events are beginning to affect your art and music , and the two songs , of course , reflect this for me .
former president alberto fujimori was hospitalized tuesday in a state hospital for examination for the loss of muscle power , which is in the legs , his family 's doctor said .
alejandro агинага congressman who is his personal physician , told tv channel n that fujimori will be evaluated by three days at the national institute of неопластических diseases to determine the cause of pain and loss of power in his lower extremities .
he underwent four operations on cancer , lost weight in kilograms , by 18 other diseases , such as the strong эрозивный gastritis , cysts pancreas , kidney stones , high blood pressure and problems with extracorporeal in legs , the doctor .
in april 2009 , he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing 25 people by force of army , which was secretly in the early days of his presidency .
the official delegation , headed by uruguay president jose мухикой consisting of several ministers and businessmen will arrive in this tuesday on a visit to mexico to expand trade between the two countries and to begin talks on political issues in the region .
meeting between the two presidents in the city of guadalajara will be good for the exchange of information on the political relations between the two nations , published " the south american countries on its website .
in his speech , sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community of those countries that are tax harbours , a statement that provoked protest and uruguay for consultation its ambassador in the european nation .
uruguay 's government to expedite agreements about taxes in recent years , to leave the " grey list " of the organisation for economic cooperation and development , the cooperation of the countries that are not international tax standards .
усатый plumber will be a " super mario 3d land "
edition , which will be in stores around the world this month , it was created with the characteristics of the handheld nintendo 3ds , which lets you play in three dimensions without needing glasses .
alvarez said that " super mario 3d land " is the first nintendo videogame specially developed this platform , because up until now successful products like " star fox 64 3d " or " zelda : ocarina of time 3d " were adaptations to existing games .
alvarez said that " super mario 3d land " includes two games in one : the first part of the " simple " , to attract more users .
in addition , the real - time users can choose between " d " aggressive " or the fact that only affects the depth of action , but that should play in three dimensions , to overcome various obstacles " and not succumb to the optical illusion . "
in this game nintendo winks fans the show and the successful formula from the previous games водопроводчику with moustache to go on dangerous заминированным platforms to deliver princess peach .
so the process by which a guatemala responded to the north country , which demanded the portillo , to judge it .
he argued that during his mandate was not " hands " to the legal decisions and took all the procedures for extradition , which he had ever known .
that made colom , the executive process , after all legal and constitutional courts to persecute the former head of state from 2000 to 2004 .
portillo was acquitted in the embezzlement of 120 million in the ministry of defense during the presidential term , which was prior to the extradition process , but the ministry of public relations a petition and opened the case again .
the organization was created to prevent the marginalization of young people without education
to add more hundreds of jobs created for this group .
trinijove appeared alongside тринитат велья in 1986 to help young people with lack of education , lack of jobs and problems with drugs or to marginalize .
different political picture during elections showed a characters , trinijove .
also appeared in the fabra i coats the social welfare and family , consultant хосеп lewis клерис la caixa , social work and ceo of хауме ланаспа .
chairman has trinijove as an example of the fight against bad facts and вселения hope to people facing difficulties .
twelve people voluntarily left the building at noon yesterday , that they illegally occupied and where they were massive party , which irritated neighbors , according to court without police intervention .
" at this point there will be crossing over , " said .
the first three floors were perfect for parties that lasted up to two days and the frustrated owners .
owner , пантинат , the europa press reported that since the building was occupied , its revenue fell by 80 % .
in addition , the owner of the news was supposed to respond to noise complaints from neighbors , though , as she noticed , the noise was caused by visitors of the club , and not of squats and , above all , those who attended parties , who were there , frequency and intensity of which has increased , as were angry neighbors .
local police also confirmed that in recent weeks , received more complaints from neighbors on the situation .
a popular leader explained that before the summer , only one floor was busy , but in the last few months , the squatters had all the floors and in virtually every room and that some of them have взломы .
barris well yesterday , the police evacuated the building in the know .
architects agree to contest the squabbles on contributions
in the mid - 1980s , the rise of угасшей now capital of barcelona ( skb ) , for this administration the promotional flyers кольсеролы .
moreover , this by comparing the pictures from central park , new york .
it was , until , in september , the council announced the competition , consisting of 16 contests at the gates in many other кольсеролу .
or so , or someone to the gate on the field .
competitions , and their organizational party , and their impact on the city , to discuss all of barcelona .
and this leads to one of the few coincidences between what they say three in barcelona and scientists , who attended .
for рольдана , after reaching the shoreline is " necessary " to discuss " the mountain , " when the proposal ильдефона серды mountain , with green apple , was not done .
модоло рольдан and байона with experience in the city building , called an " intellectual challenge " with some danger . "
first fear , is the restriction on borders , where you can .
" we need to think about new urban planning tools , because the current [ the general capital plan ( gsp ) can lead to real trouble . "
модоло recalls that already has a work made outside кальсеролы which " should not miss deaf ears , " though he 's grateful for the possibility that his profession , city hall offers to join the project from the beginning . "
байона hints that answer the question of which the name of this part of the complex , as in the contest rules lacks a common type of кольсеролы : " it was announced 16 intersecting competitions , " he says , " within the meaning of the sea , mountains , but there are no longitudinal , reading , to see and understand the region as a whole . "
may overlap on the other hand , the project for some of the programme and identifying with the project architect for neighboring gate .
after 72 days in jail , manuel jonas ларрасабаль is free , after a representative of the red casino gave him forgiveness before the second criminal district court , which is the process of extortion against the brother of the mayor of monterrey .
after public condemnation of the attorney general opened a criminal case against the mayor 's brother and 2 september , he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
at this point , he was 49 days following the second of the ban after prosecutor ruled out moving crime of bribery and organised crime .
authorities allowed him to in a city jail in san nicolas at гарзе .
on monday , the legitimate representative of red casino , victor aldo garcia gomez , appeared before a judge jose luis песиной mayor to ask for pardon for brother in the region , so in the hours he could to get freedom .
based on the record 197/2011 a pardon granted йонасу ларрасабалю , and after that you ca n't make any representations regarding the process , which was against him ; and take no compensation and punishment .
a court , jorge янес went to the jail in san nicolas municipality гарзе to inform йонаха that he legally pardoned and his case will be closed .
minister dionisio perez хакоме said details of the disaster that killed interior minister francisco blake , and another seven .
during a press conference , communications and transport minister dionisio perez хакоме said that before the aircraft rose up , the pilot , found that the weather conditions were suitable for flight .
he also said that the ship to the 19 people , respectively , with the necessary requirements of the transportation of people .
" in the study reported that there is no components elsewhere , the strike took place in the structural integrity .
land area has a bias from seven 30 degrees .
meanwhile , the гильберто lopez meyer , director general of airports and auxiliary services , said that during the presidential helicopter hit by the speed and that it happened on a soft power .
at a press conference , owner of the sct , peres хакоме listed six essential elements of the investigation :
according to aviation flight was under visual flight rules , that means the team should be visible during the flight and landing .
reports aicm of suitable conditions for takeoff , when the aircraft bent to the border area between mexico city and state in mexico , where the clouds at low altitudes .
perhaps because of conditions cloudeness team searched the area at the height and visibility in куэрнавака .
coordinates stroke and last with radar aircraft are probably before the flight was not losing control or change of direction .
information so far indicates that hit the front and side .
in pictures showing consistency , which has разрушалось along the way .
after careful research on more territory than lavishly area near the place where the accident occurred , could not be found scattered parts of the aircraft that strengthens speculation that the attack occurred in the structural integrity .
social protection is research to find the gene obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by the restarts
in a statement , head of medical research in the biochemistry of the national medical center hospital in the 21st century , miguel cruz lopez explained , was multidisciplinary team of therapists , nurses , dieticians , social workers .
the study population ( anything or not ) invited to participate , sports centres , mssi participating in the study , in the valley of mexico , where every saturday from 8:00 a.m. will be tests involving children .
after the goal is to attract from 500 to 600 children achieved independence , the study will continue in the sports center ( mexico ) and , finally , the sports center morelos ( north of mexico city ) .
november 14 , will be celebrated world diabetes day three , and the main goal is to gather thousands of children and adolescents aged 6 to 14 years with his parents and under their supervision to fill individual diet questionnaires .
he explained that on saturday will антропометрические measure all participants ( height , weight and waist girth , measuring blood pressure and glucose levels , fat , cholesterol and insulin and genetic analysis to identify genes that are linked to childhood obesity ) .
in medical research , conducted in the period from 1999 to 2006 , says that there was just 6 years growth : in case boys 77 percent were obese , in the case of girls , 47 % ; for weight , and there was a significant growth , " said specialist mssi .
he reported that the average mexican is 65 percent of american indians , 30 per cent of europeans and the five percent of africans and it is in the genes that are linked to diabetes and overweight .
researcher explained that the immediate benefit for a comprehensive evaluation of the children , which can identify if they have some degree of weight or obesity .
with information to all the privacy , doctor to her parents in writing , which they explain all the dimensions and changes in lifestyle , which must be taken to avoid the disease .
it is also due to high - calorie intake , and increasing consumption of sugary drinks and carbohydrate ( тамале , bread , pizza , hamburgers , etc. ) with high fat and protein and genetic predisposition , проанализированная in this program .
рафаель эррера chemical faculty unam , developed a polymer - bitumen , modified to produce a mixture of the best quality , sustainable to the impacts of environmental and temperature .
in his lecture as part of the technology at the pit , international year of chemistry , reported that laboratory , for which he is responsible for , developing polymer - modified bitumen mixed with characteristics close to bitumen production , but with the best opposition , both in high and low temperatures .
he explained that the bitumen , the most difficult part of the oil is a sequence of hydrocarbon molecules , some high - molecular weight , called асфальтенами and other low molecular weight called мальтенами , who , along a road to his typical вязкоупругое .
this means that the resistance street asphalt is not constant , changes in the day , depending on the natural conditions and temperature , specializing in chemical engineering , said .
among the upper layers of bitumen that is made up of little stones опущенных bitumen , and then спрессованных .
the movement of vehicles and latch effort , it forces very well be on the road to .
on асфальтовом covering , he added , is the last layer , called the wear , which is made of small stone , sand and immersed in the asphalt .
as part of the pavement , which will receive and distribute these efforts , the wear and requires the proper thickness , and must take account of the material , from which he is .
when the earth crude , water into coverage and it is difficult to leave , размягчение all sections of the coverage , and therefore education pits .
also a member of the national transport system , researchers explained that stress is another important factor in the formation of holes , and so each layer thickness cover should always be associated with transport load and need to ensure that requirements to prevent the frequent appearance of yam .
which lacked the кандидатке from valle , a new miss colombia ?
at this time мелина ramirez serna was to be satisfied with what was on the podium with silver crown and ribbon winners , proclaiming its new princess .
the first factor played a pivotal role in the jury to award her the title first princess , was that it could not conclusively answer the question " what you and why ? , the book describes martin мурилье гомесом of literary society , let 's honor .
" i 've read , i believe in literature , i think that it is a form of окультуривания highlighted , and certainly think that the book , my childhood -- " the little prince " is the book .
answer that did n't like the jury because of the term " , " and , secondly , because that does not explain specifically , each of the quoted books it describes .
and all of you , please read a bit , ' the little prince " is a great book .
a reporter from bogota , suggested that , as its preferred met ovation , and it was кандидаткой , which has all the preliminary awards ( culinary competition остеры , immersive vote for the best national costume , and queen - mother ) , " the jealousy of other candidates , have triggered stress queen , and as a result she блистала on stage . "
although both she looked strong , it was obvious that it lacks power and energy , which demonstrated the магдалены and атлантико .
in addition , the representative valle recently avoided contact with the press , and it was wrong .
that 's why the two days before the selection of the international jury lucy doty said that they are looking for a woman приверженную social needs of our country .
there is also speculation that valle sinned defects on the buttocks and фиброзом spokeswoman , who was seen on her stomach , but it is debatable , as the jury of her , кандидатку with natural beauty , " given its more than a healthy body , good nutrition and physical work .
the magazine , guido ойос кромос believes that the mistake the valle de cauca was , that she has undergone surgery .
her body has never had its advantages , and she was punished for it .
so it or not , the fact that today , мелины begins year rule , not as queen , but as a princess , positions , which gives her an opportunity to colombia on one of the international competition , the organizers of the national competition .
that was the man who identified the body of alfonso cano .
seven criminologists in the cti , turn this week " watch " элизара gonzalez , a person of puerto техада , who spent 21 years in the field of judicial investigation .
in 2000 he moved to valle relevant courses and after he became a specialist in the area , where he studied стуней skin friction , palms .
he knew that he will need to identify two of the corpse , and one of them , as expected , belonged to a man who led the world 's oldest guerrilla war , so they asked him to take ten prints guillermo leon саенса ( his real name ) .
he was no beard , dressed like a farmer , without glasses and the skinnier .
using a flashlight and magnifying glass , ink , the shoulder , элизар сопоставил fingerprints corpse from those who were on the images .
in the same night the puerto техада was asked to confirm the defense minister juan carlos пинсону it was the head of the farc
a specialist in дактилоскопии unit sijin from cali recognition received from president juan manuel santos элизаром гонсалесом at a news conference about the operation against kano , particularly important .
dactylography is strict , without mistakes , it could play a crucial role in the crime .
researcher said that the case of theft he had to take a piece of the house , because at this point a thief on hand to the safe of jewellery and money .
prints also help exclude or to the suspects in cases involving murder .
in the investigation found that crime could be заподозрен relative , in fact , fingerprints on the bottle .
specialist дактилоскопии of the cti explained that where there are fingerprints , chemical or physical реагент .
after images print off asif , a database of criminals , or are in the register .
he explained that not all , as seen in the tv for csi .
members of the " occupy wall street " movement on tuesday , challenge the authorities in new york , when they attempted to penetrate , protected by court order , again in the area of manhattan , where they were evacuated at dawn in an effort to seize another park , the big apple .
" our idea is that time the court does not allows us to break camp on the square 's break camp somewhere else and we will continue through peaceful and legal struggle to return to zuccotti сидячие strikes and demonstrations , " said one of the " occupy wall street " mark брей .
in addition , the " angry people " to the confluence of the new park , located on the streets of central canal street and sixth avenue , near the entrance in холланда tunnel that connects new york and new jersey , and owned by trinity parish church .
the organization said that several hundred people stood with tents in a place where the religious leaders went to demonstrate support for members of the movement , trying to serve as an intermediary in negotiations with police .
some of the protesters , and headed there were at the same time , copies of the court and even gave these copies of the police , охранявшим square , which led to some small clashes " , " said брей , who said that some police beat demonstrators .
mayor bloomberg told reporters that the city because of this court has suspended the opening of the public space and demonstrators were informed about this , but the local laws do not let them back to camp shops and sleeping bags .
bloomberg said that he was ordered to clear the area , because she was " a place where people came to protest , and not violate the law and , in some cases , damage to other people , " as " some companies have received threats and neighbors feared the deteriorating quality of life . "
responsible for the " occupy wall street also pointed out that they intend to organize " grandiose " action " on thursday , with organizations and unions , to remember the last two months of protests that started september 17 .
together with other prominent canadians and michael бубле russell peters , " it will be in the television programme " christmas on december 1 .
private television station ctv , today announced that anderson ballads with крунером ( artist ) michael бубле and other prominent canadian russell peters will appear in television program " christmas " on december 1 , as a very special .
in this scene peters , a canadian comedian of indian origin , who recently acted as the charlie 's " my violent torpedo of truth " bus tour , appears in the role of joseph .
бубле recently called " challenger американку ким кардашьян during one of his concerts in new york
gdp grew by 1.5 % of domestic consumption and put an end to the round of decline that began in march
on the tokyo government first estimated , material loss was $ 300,000 - strike , which , despite the difficult global situation , it seems .
registered in the second quarter of 2010 , the japanese fiscal year begins in march 2012 , also is the fastest pace since january to march 2010 .
in fact , the company increased its investments in the 0.9 % 1.1 % against capital expenditures , which occurred from january to march , the first drop after six months of continuous growth .
for japan , mainly thanks to the development of household consumption , which is now 60 % of japanese gdp .
with a stronger currency are expensive abroad , is a serious blow to the country 's health , whose economic policies of large technology companies .
as long as markets continue to peripheral eu countries , the government siege есихико noda not vigilance .
bar , which predicts the fractures in the world economy , showed that major powers down .
the eurozone has fallen even lower than average , which is located at 100 points , after it struck eight tenths to 99.13 points .
пападимос said that the changes would be approved , but conservatives wo n't sign a written commitment
feeling that the " consent " of greece 's new transitional government imposed by brussels , rather than true political forces to be confirmed that the facts .
the task of the government is in the decisions at the summit on october 26 , said пападимос yesterday , opening parliamentary debate , which will tomorrow vote of confidence in the new executive .
but the самараса makes no doubt about his position : " we are ready to help the transitional government , but we wo n't promise anything . "
but the european commission , still feeling the effect caused by irritation all or nothing - style statements referendum papandreou , reiterated yesterday that its requirements are : she would not help greece if the new government and leaders of the major parties wo n't sign a written agreement without any ambiguities and as soon as possible . "
queen said " the place in spain in this type of finance
queen sofia recalled yesterday that over the past two decades , the country has become the second largest donor of the instruments , whose cooperation " in essence , " she said , is that it " an instrument of social progress , justice and hope for a better future for humanity , based on faith in people . "
spain " still works , " to expand the network recipients around the world and takes on this task with all the " responsibility , " says dona sofia and hopes that the efforts and achievements , incurred during the summit , which will continue until thursday , will provide new skills and the best opportunity for the poorest people , especially for women , " the main recipients of these loans . "
микрокредитованию summit is not only the platform for debate , but also a platform that promotes " the two main goals . "
the impulse to create micro - credit system in spain and elsewhere in the world , " was on the way , " muhammad юнусом начатому years ago , said ms. sofia as " an act of justice and recognition . "
this experience a year later from the first world summit in washington and other meetings , such as those that took place in cote d'ivoire in 1999 , canada in 2006 , and " everywhere i saw the continuous development of , " said her majesty , whose connection with this project brought her the title " head of the family , " gathered in вальядолиде banker of the poor . "
in this regard , it said that it would be a mistake to cooperation with developing countries with the boom times , as is " constant commitment " .
for spain to microcredit is one of key areas of cooperation for development . "
europe 's future was not originally planned in the program , but there was the fall , in particular , to satisfy activists who believe that government policies , not as tough as today in relation to greece and , perhaps , against italy tomorrow ....
1001 delegates of just nine voted and 10 abstained from voting .
the basic idea of the chancellor and the draft resolution is the slogan : the answer to the crisis is " not less europe , and more europe . "
in any case , this is one of the proposals of the draft resolution , passed by congress , which it belongs to the вольфгангу schaeuble .
to calm the situation in his party , the chancellor has increased its number of references to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl , but it sought to influence congress not due to the " small " european countries or countries in a precarious position , which like germany , criticizing " arrogant " .
actually , that was one of the most demeaning napoleon 's army .
after money , the ump and the government has launched an offensive to the hospital sheets .
and sprang from a desire to help this to save in a difficult situation , but also составляющему part of a right to re - election in the presidential campaign , the majority wants to concentrate on hospital sheets .
obviously , without the consent of the employer , sick employees will lose the salary for four days , to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
and that will be accompanied by other measures with more than symbolic effect , namely to force public employees , one day without paying health benefits ( civil servants still did n't have to wait for benefits , unlike the three - day waiting for the private sector ) .
control will become more tight and , if you get caught , you must return all illegally received payments , " xavier bertrand warned on the rtl on saturday november 13 .
they really are permanent control of political attacks since 2002 , which yield fruit .
according to the research and documentation of health economics , daily compensation costs in 2008 , thousands of 11.3 million were 5 % of total health spending .
the average , which hides some abnormalities ; another study published in 2007 , the site of a career management monster.com , showed that 75 % of the 40,000 french workers surveyed said they did n't take any day of the hospital .
if these figures compare with figures of european neighbors , shows that french workers do not are more likely to hospital , than any other country .
the level of fraud linked to sick leave , very low compared to the " grey " employment .
law since 2002 , led to systematic hospital lasting more than 45 days .
in the case of systematically checked hospital sheets of more than 45 days , 11 percent from 1.2 million were " inappropriate or unreasonable , " is 132 000 .
figures that show few cases , compared with , for example , the figures " gray " .
пападимос saying greece should follow the new plan to
it said on monday , november 14 in parliament , prime minister , lucas пападимос , adding that 100 days , provided his coalition government , it was not enough for the task .
the decisions taken in the eurozone summit on october 27 , must be " the main goal of the new government , because " is at stake " in the eurozone countries , " he added .
" we will not vote for the new measures , " he said at a meeting with members of his party new democracy party .
olli renou , european commissioner , responsible for the economy and finance , which warned that the imf and eu do not block the loan in 8,000 million euros without written guarantees from all parties that they will support the planned action , antonio самарас said that his words were enough and that he did not sign anything under external pressure .
canadians denied in the death , says the royal society of canada
it is one of the findings , the royal society of canada , which involved six experts from different regions , including ethics law and medicine .
for starters , experts cite a recent survey of economic expert which сравнило quality of death in 40 countries .
because медикализации or not , 77 % of canadians do not have access to palliative care , according to experts , appointed by the royal society of canada .
the highest in the country in quebec , 86 % of the deaths occur at the hospital .
now , according to experts , who also studied the position of all countries where such acts were legalized or декриминализованы , there is no evidence that decriminalisation of abuse in the application of euthanasia or suicide , with outside help for people who are unable or unwilling to accept such a decision .
and 66 % believe legalizing euthanasia would signal that the elderly or disabled life is less value .
regarding the extension or the health care , the situation is less , the authors say .
the committee of experts and requires that health professionals trained in the spirit of respect for the avoidance of medical care in the end of life without fear of prosecution .
finally , the palliative or terminal sedation , already well in the canadian healthcare institutions , the committee requires that she was when it is not for blunting the physical pain , as euthanasia , and has been the same restrictions .
some experts in law , associated with health care , have already made comments about the expert report of the royal society of canada .
this opens the door for a situation where anyone who got tired of life and more than 18 years , could ask for help in committing suicide , meter дешан , which yesterday was a summary of the report said .
he said , that " society is warning labels and bans . "
margaret сомервилль , which is a member of the royal society of canada , contests , in particular , the report the abuse in some countries , where outside help legalized euthanasia and suicide , as in the netherlands and oregon .
supporters of bashar al-assad held a demonstration in front of foreign ministry .
two days after the suspension of syria 's membership in the arab league , the european union toughened sanctions against damascus , syria 's neighbors , turkey and jordan for president assad 's resignation .
" if bashar had the interests of his country , he should resign , but he also would have to create the necessary conditions for a new phase of political life , the king of jordan , neighboring syria , said in an interview with bbc .
those in the middle east , who lives in the world with its people and can meet his aspirations , not lose power , he said , referring to syria , neighboring country , which turkey is increasingly hard course .
the international community , the united states , european union , league of arab states and countries like turkey , are increasingly hard line against the repression in syria , said mark toner , a spokesman for the state department .
two other civilians died during the shooting and firing heavy machine guns in джобаре in the besieged city of homs , according to ong .
in addition , it reacted strongly to the arab league decision to damascus , which he said , a " dangerous step . "
after his decision to exclude syria arab league at the moment is examining " mechanism to protect civilians and requires оптравки the 500 - member arab organization for human rights , military observers and journalists .
a new emergency meeting of the league planned for tomorrow in rabat , to discuss the exit plan , passed on november 2 , and which , in particular , the armed forces from cities where the fighting , and the release of arrested demonstrators .
future italian prime minister mario monti asked markets a little time to build his team and to carry out a program that will require " victims " to restore credibility , утерянную in the past few months of berlusconi 's rule .
it will form a relatively moderate cabinet , made up of technocrats , in the parliament .
chamber of deputies speaker gianfranco fini said that he would have waited to find out whether mario monti asked parliament friday to vote of confidence , to ensure that new government has enough support .
mr. monti said yesterday 's stock market nervousness , and bondholders , asking the time .
his appointment as president was first approved by the markets , but concerns arose again , in particular , the unexpected fall in eurozone industrial production in september .
the new government will have until 2013 , the next election , but he said .
mr monti 's guaranteed that , in the post , it will work hard to ensure that italy will be an important actor in europe again .
the european union , convinced that rome would not target budget for 2013 , despite the austerity plan , adopted in recent months , that , in particular , the new austerity measures .
mr. monti , known for his competence and independence in the european commissioner ( 1994-2004 ) , is " change " берлусконизма era " for italy after 17 years , " professor " , the " defying gravity " and " another italy " , according to authors передовиц .
president napolitano would have been happy to avoid fast to april 2012 elections , because italy must make payments on government debt of 200,000 million euros .
russian scientist vyacheslav danilenko helped iran develop detonator , suitable for use in nuclear weapons , confirmed on monday , the us agency that specializes in nuclear danger .
last week , the agency has expressed its concerns about " possible military aspects of iran 's nuclear program
in 1989 or 1991 he left the centre , to create a company producing наноалмазы " .
he then worked with the iranian program from 1996 through 2002 , to return
according to figures , the total number of cases of violence against muslims has grown from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , which equals the growth of 49 % , compared with a 13 % increase in violence against catholics , 4 % reduction in attacks on jews and 14 % increase in the number of religious crimes .
after a decline in 2009 is growing concern that the number of these crimes again , the organization for human rights , human rights first , an increase in violence against muslims very much , " the organization in the official report adds .
" the u.s. government can and should do more to deal with these crimes , he adds , that this can be done by improving the police report about hate crimes . "
this law was passed after the death of martin luther king , to be punished for acts of violence , with the race , color , sexual orientation , religion , nationality and today .
on monday , the twitter site микроблога amended view of their platform , which will allow its users , in particular , to see the activity of those who they are , what makes this service like facebook .
it is an opportunity to learn if they released messages if new accounts at , if they have selected messages , etc.
twitter , which has long been known as intuitively rather vague and uses a fairly vague terms ( rt for перепоста someone 's else 's собщения , #followfriday for recommendations to other users ) , mainly in bringing pleasure experienced users , thus opens itself to a wider audience , presenting users something close to the popular social networks facebook and google + .
" it is futile , and too reminiscent of facebook . "
the large coalition of social democrats and christian democrats , in power in austria , decided tuesday to fiscal " golden rule " in the constitution to reduce the deficit and thus avoid a possible state credit rating agencies downgrade austria ( triple - a ) .
if the creditworthiness of austria fell by only one point , from aaa to aa + , we would have to pay interest on three thousand million more each year , led the vice chancellor and foreign minister of the christian democrats michael шпинделеггер .
resolution , the austrian government , " said the german model , " because germany was the first european country , adopted this rule . "
the goal is to make its public debt below 60 % , the maastricht treaty , in 2020/2021 .
we вмешаемся if fit , as did last year , excessive yen volatility exchange - rate , mr. noda senate explained .
in tokyo sold yen for dollars a day in a large scale , to reduce the cost of the japanese currency , which established a new record since 1945 .
the dollar fell below 77 yen on tuesday and the euro fell below the symbolic bar 105 yen , close to the level which triggered the latest intervention .
rising japanese currency is hurting japanese exports , it makes japanese products more expensive japanese firms from abroad and reduces the amount of income when converted to the national currency .
the world 's third - largest economic power , resumed growth in the third quarter of -1 % 5 % compared to the previous quarter for the first time in the year , thanks to exports and consumption households affected by disasters
finance minister дзюн адзуми urged bank of japan ( boj ) , which opened its monetary policy board meeting on tuesday , taking all necessary steps to weaken the yen .
at the last meeting in late october эмитирующая organization increase to 5,000 million yen ( 47,000 million euro ) purchase of treasury bonds , up to 55.000 thousand million yen ( 519 million euros ) ceiling amounts , that it highlights the purchase of various financial instruments to the stock market .
despite naming new heads of government in greece and italy , and improved performance in france and germany , growth rates in unstable countries continue to rise
the paris cac 40 lost 1.4 percent at 10 a.m. and ended trading at 3.064 points .
in connection with the new problems with loans to eurozone countries in difficulty , stock markets around the world continue to lose some of its recent gains .
tokyo stock exchange closed with the decline of 0.7 per cent under new doubts about the market for europe 's ability to stem the debt crisis .
this return of worries about the eurozone 's future , the single currency , which on tuesday continued to fall .
10 a.m. to the european currency was 1,3570 dollar , falling by 0.4 % .
early tuesday morning reached 6,85 % yields on italian 10 - year bonds , yields on spanish bonds of the same maturity reached 6.2 % .
future italian prime minister mario monti asked exchanges have time to restore the situation in italy , under threat of under the weight of debt .
spain came under fire in the markets before parliamentary elections on sunday .
insee , despite this , to reduce numbers of the second quarter , the fall of 0.1 percent of gross domestic product ( gdp ) rather than stagnation .
germany , in turn , growth at 0.5 % for the period .
if there is a topic that the decision which cannot be taken after a short discussion or by emotions , so it 's energy policy .
this is a trend , that the electoral meeting place , and are an occasion for reflection about the share of their nuclear energy .
france needs to build their opinions on the objective facts and sound .
during the same period will be necessary to complete fossil resources to continue electricity production is growing deficit , not forgetting the critical need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to fight climate imbalances - theme , which disappeared from the environmental debate .
that is why germany is one of its decision to abandon nuclear energy .
on the other hand , the uk , finland , poland , czech republic , netherlands , sweden , south africa , china , india , brazil is a few of those who strongly to their projects .
while the german model , based on the renewable energy , sometimes in as reality belies this argument .
european champion construction of turbines , which she gets 30 % of its electricity , it is also the biggest consumer of coal and gas прерывистого due ; the wind , carbon dioxide emissions and electricity prices by 65 per cent , respectively , and 50 % higher than the average across europe .
as the price of energy in a globalized economy is key to competitiveness and the service of industrial equipment on the national territory , the french company benefiting from cheaper electricity in europe .
the price , the majority of the french refuse to pay more because they do not object to the type of energy in general .
heavily export - oriented , it attracts the whole of specialized in international trade in small and medium - sized enterprises and create many jobs that cannot be moved to another industry .
what engineer and electrician will order the epr , to work 60 years , if the planned closure of its producer ?
development of areva - to low - carbon , nuclear and renewable energy sources , shows that взаимодополнимости .
in france we have the security , which monitors energy centers , too , and transparent , such as фламанвиль .
in 50 years , nuclear industry had three of the incident .
in chernobyl reactor and unforgivable mistake led to the tragedy .
the nuclear industry the lessons of this accident , learned of two .
as it is seen by experts in the field of energy , to build a reactor , halt its construction in фламанвиле will be a great gift competitors areva and edf , menacing them ​​путь to the leadership in the imminent development of nuclear energy .
then the administrative harassment of foreign students , which in the news , when interior minister ( либерасьон " from france on may 23 , said that " does not need foreign talent , bricklayers and waiters . "
both sides as the immigration burden for french society and the french economy .
francois hollande was platitudes in his program , saying that " joint efforts will solve our immigration problem . "
as ian goldin and jeffrey cameron reminds us economists in a recent book , обобщившей past data about immigration ( special : how migration shaped our world and people will determine our future , may 2011 , at princeton university , 352 . ) , a broad consensus among experts about the positive impact of migration flows , wages and employment growth in countries that are immigrants .
fears of the immigrants are based on the view that they are able to replace local workers , especially for low - skilled , provoking lower wages .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors that do not attract local labor , and most skilled , dynamic sectors , where training not related to the proposals .
just as the surgeon would be difficult to work in the country , where there is a lack of анестезиологов complementarity between local and immigrants , leads to the arrival of immigrants that positively affects the salaries of local workers .
and this without taking into account the fact that diversity , вносимое immigrants , to create new ideas and economic growth ( among the american nobel laureates high proportion of naturalised immigrants , and google , intel , paypal and yahoo were all on immigrants ) .
according to labor organization , for example , in a german immigrant , arrived at the age of 30 years , for his life will bring state budget net profit ( revenue minus costs an average of 150,000 euros .
these teeth that are used to scare immigrants did precisely the opposite effect .
democracy is a valuable ; but both fragile .
some thought that democracy has triumphed over their enemies , a vote and make it as straight as possible .
universal vote , though it is essential to democracy , it is not sufficient condition and may even become a tool of repression " , as republican once philosopher etienne вашро .
the european crisis that we are , is the economic crisis , but first , this political crisis and democracy .
we do n't win , for a series of national referenda , anything by as necessary and хаотическом .
no , we are dreaming not edge the guillotine , but the implementation of the joint , clear and constant - on and democracy , this time on a european level .
europe submits to the dictates of markets and rating agencies , suffers from its weakness and lack of solidarity .
many worry about the transfer of sovereignty in europe , but the entire europe gradually lose sovereignty , and with each of its nations .
because only europeans working together can reduce the weight of debt each , from markets and prepare for future by investing in it .
after a lengthy discussion of this proposal and jacques all socialists now require european economic government .
but to her without a stronger economic , political and democratic integration , maturing in граздан , is another madness and new .
to establish a republic in france , you need to " create a republican .
this could only be done by a more democratic europe on the political level , this european sovereignty .
indeed , the 2011 will be 11 % increase in global sales of microprocessors ( bank cards , mobile phones with sim cards ) , above , according to eurosmart 6 thousand million .
this year , the world will be sold 460 million бесконтактных chip cards the 320 million a year earlier .
europe lagged for a long time from the asia - pacific region , now moving forward in бесконтактных .
france , with more moderate positions : in a speech there are 400,000 бесконтактных visa card .
this year , carrefour бесконтактных pass out 2.5 million mastercard .
" two great organizations in france promised in the future systematically to distribute among their customers ' bank cards , suited for advantage , " said gerard небуи , director - general of the visa europe , france .
but it is just the first stage of development of future cash payment , mobile phone .
" we hope the global sales from 80 to 120 million in 2012 , " said mark бертен , head eurosmart .
crédit agricole announced yesterday an experiment from december and june next year , in the massacre .
confirmed long предполагавшиеся between a terrorist group al-qaida in islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) and nigerian sect boko haram .
" the way in which use these two institutions , and intelligence reports show that they actively cooperate , " he explained , going into details .
among the rubble , after the operation , french and нигерские investigators found some phone sim card belonging to the terrorists .
analysis of the calls , pointed out several in the mali and niger and nigeria .
" it 's a step forward , but of course , you have to wait for more reliable evidence , before talking about operational cooperation between aqmi and boko haram .
" for many years is that the sect идейную and receives financial support from outside and that it becomes more and more active , " says кунле амуво , nigeria researcher .
the international community , led by washington now puts pressure on абуджу , to pay attention to the challenges posed by boko haram .
it is mainly for churches , bars , the authorities .
this past christmas , she took responsibility for per share , in which 80 people were killed in джосе , and then for one in abuja .
in august , the office of united nations will be its first international goal .
today , as aqmi has in mali and niger , and the somalis of al-shabaab in kenya , boko haram poses a new continent .
weakened crisis america can lead the world with common , but rather simplistic ideas ?
for a few days , mitt romney , the distance , rick perry and others multiply , but without details of the statements on foreign policy , which are traditionally strong republican .
mitt romney , who has the best chance for the nomination of " good old party , has threatened to sue chinese complaint to the wto and accuse them of " manipulating its currency is a sensitive issue for america , migration is as much as their industries in asia .
john huntsman , former obama ambassador to china and the only candidate , the complex foreign policy was not able to stand , that appeasing emotion .
but huntsman , who is in the lower rating stayed неуслышанным .
romney also military strikes against iran if sanctions wo n't halt its nuclear program .
" if he re - elected , they have a bomb " .
entrepreneur херман kane , the second ranking candidates , a daunting lack of .
the texas governor rick perry , who supports israel and to military strikes on iran , said that to use us army against drug cartels in mexico .
all this is far from the republican nominee john mccain 's 2008 тяжеловеса , foreign policy .
they are that obama himself was amateur and that he had to tone about the fight against terror .
after iraq did not believe in the military intervention , the confused in the sand .
north of the new gates for russian natural gas to europe .
it is the supply of natural gas equivalent of $ 30 million households .
more than 500 guests , including four heads of state and took part in the last tuesday on the shores of the baltic sea , between the orchestra performance and refined snacks , in the opening of the nord stream , a new pipeline , which directly links russia and germany under water .
on a new pipeline 27.5 million additional cubic meters of gas will come every year in western europe for the first 1 224 km long pipeline connecting the leningrad region , the mecklenburg - western pomerania .
and the ability to build the pipeline at the same direction have already discussed .
the two countries will lose some of its power : they will be more difficult to influence russia threatening to shut down access to the western european markets .
but the price of europe , because it has created a gap between the western and eastern europe .
" this pipeline is part of cooperation with russia , this is a new artery that connects us organically , " said francois fillon , the pipeline , showing the extent to which are large gas contracts and politically and economically .
" a hundred needed to remove or kill as a precaution , " said jens mueller , a spokesman for the company 's north .
pipeline is a long metal serpent weight , equal weight 242 эйфелевых towers , breaks throughout its length , without the service stations .
" we close the flow of gas in the accident in less than a minute , " says jens mueller .
but it seems that piping designers seams , for протечку only once in 100 years .
сигароообразный device is in a 1 - meter diameter pipeline and pushed ahead with natural gas .
gas pipeline designed for for 50 years , without any repairs .
these five companies established a joint venture , the north stream , which was to build and operate the pipeline .
then gazprom gave the company to rent for 20 years with the possibility of extending the volume of gas .
natural gas pipeline was financed by 30 % shareholders and 70 per cent of bank lending .
pipeline extends from the baltic to lubmin on sandy beach , mulberry coniferous tree .
sensors measure pressure , temperature and unique characteristics of gas before the german gas pipelines .
the full capacity is 3 million an hour , and the 6 million by 2012 .
moleskine , the italian company 15 years ago , return taste writing .
moleskine notepad easily on a rectangular black cover резинке , yellowish - white pages , like пожелтевшим over time .
italian modo & modo , based in milan , decided to start selling the designer , notepads .
pad by old technology production молескином - lacquered cotton fabric , used , for example , покрывания benches .
" moleskine brought in line with today 's old and forgotten , which was a cult thing for artists - авангардистов before the 20th century , " said maria себрегонди management , which has since become a brand of modo modo .
from 2006 and 2010 sales rose 25 % and 12.7 million .
moleskine crossed the border of italy and russia in 70 countries from france the united states .
it distributes its notebooks in bookshops , fnac магазинчиках in small cities and managed to gain notoriety .
this characteristic cultural trait accompanies development areas of the moleskine recently organized an exhibition " brand way , " the architects and artists demonstrated their собственнные notepads .
its success and cultural aura , moleskine разнообразил their products , which now include bags , pens , bags to computer brand includes all forms of support .
among them are elderly : 37 % more over 50 years ( 17 % on average .
finally , it is long - term unemployment , which is 85 per cent against 38 % on average for the disabled .
study conducted in april , the association of ims - entreprendre for cité , showed that the managers had a low level of knowledge about disability and " was of people in wheelchairs or mentally ill or mentally неполноценных . "
last - known figures , relating to 2008 , the 2.6 percent .
evidence : the number of " taxable " organizations , and paid the sum has dropped to 46 in 2011 with 59 000 000 institutions ( and 606 to 480 million euros ) .
" but it also reflects the growing awareness of improvement , particularly to large enterprises . "
we do n't we to argue that , among them was a conspiracy , but the symbolism .
his attacker in five months after the match against turkey 's belgian coach could only praise him .
" i would like to go ahead , " said the lille .
" i am year round in lille , and in belgium . "
left , in anticipation of this match with france , in the game against romania on friday night , azar arrived in saint - denis , to finally " sparkle " .
he has supported blue from the age of 7 and skillful campaign in 1998 and 2000 .
" pride " also claim that france " as a " neighbor " , once again with a very high level , " just one year after injuries найзне .
" we are building something , gamers are ambitious , hungry . "
